[Migration ]Add config, doc and two hello world samples (#879)
OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples: Samples/Word-Get-Started-With-Dev-Kit/README.md

# Get Started with the Office Add-ins Development Kit in Word

<img src="./assets/thumbnail.png" width="800" alt="A document with 'Hello World' inserted by the add-in."/>

This is a basic Word add-in that inserts "Hello World" into the document text and sets the paragraph font color to blue.

> Word add-ins use the [Word JavaScript APIs](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/reference/overview/word-add-ins-reference-overview) and [Office Platform capabilities](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/overview/office-add-ins) to connect web services to the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Word add-ins use the [Word JavaScript APIs](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/reference/overview/word-add-ins-reference-overview) and [Office Platform capabilities](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/overview/office-add-ins) to provide custom functionality and connect web services to the document.
```

  
### Run the add-in from the Office Add-ins Development Kit

1. **Download the sample code**

   Open the Office Add-ins Development Kit extension and view samples in the **Sample gallery**. Select the **Create** button in the top-right corner of the sample page.
   
1. **Open the Office Add-ins Development Kit**
    
    Select the <img src="./assets/Icon_Office_Add-ins_Development_Kit.png" width="30" alt="The Office Add-ins Development Kit icon in the activity bar of VSCode"/> icon in the **Activity Bar** to open the extension.

1. **Preview Your Office Add-in (F5)**

    Select **Preview Your Office Add-in(F5)** to launch the add-in and debug the code. In the drop down menu, select the option **Desktop (Edge Chromium)**.

    <img src="./assets/devkit_preview.png" width="500" alt="The 'Preview your Office Add-in' option in the Office Add-ins Development Kit's task pane."/>

>     The extension checks that the prerequisites are met before debugging starts. The terminal will alert you to any issues with your environment. After this process, the Excel desktop application launches and opens a new workbook with the sample add-in sideloaded. The add-in automatically opens as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The extension checks that the prerequisites are met before debugging starts. The terminal will alert you to any issues with your environment. After this process, the Word desktop application launches and opens a new workbook with the sample add-in sideloaded. The add-in automatically opens as well.
```

1. **Stop Previewing Your Office Add-in**

    Once you are finished testing and debugging the add-in, select **Stop Previewing Your Office Add-in**. This closes the web server and removes the add-in from the registry and cache.

## Use the sample add-in

1. Select `Run` in the add-in's task pane.

## Explore sample files

These are the important files in the sample project.

```
| .eslintrc.json
| .gitignore
| .vscode/
|   | extensions.json
|   | launch.json               Launch and debug configurations
|   | settings.json             
|   | tasks.json                
| assets/                       Static assets, such as images
| babel.config.json
| manifest.xml                  Manifest file
| package.json                  
| README.md                     
| RUN_WITH_EXTENSION.md         
| src/                          Add-in source code
|   | taskpane/
|   |   | taskpane.css          Task pane style
|   |   | taskpane.html         Task pane entry html
|   |   | taskpane.js           Office JS API calls and add-in logic
| webpack.config.js             Webpack config
```

## Troubleshooting

> If you have problems running the sample, take these steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have problems running the sample, take the following steps.
```

- Close any open instances of Word.
- Close the previous web server started for the sample with the **Stop Previewing Your Office Add-in** Office Add-ins Development Kit extension option.
- Try running again.

If you still have problems, see [troubleshoot development errors](https://learn.microsoft.com//office/dev/add-ins/testing/troubleshoot-development-errors) or [create a GitHub issue](https://aka.ms/officedevkitnewissue) and we'll help you.  

> For information on running the sample on Excel on the web, see [Sideload Office Add-ins to Office on the web](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/sideload-office-add-ins-for-testing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on running the sample on Word on the web, see [Sideload Office Add-ins to Office on the web](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/sideload-office-add-ins-for-testing).
```

For information on debugging on older versions of Office, see [Debug add-ins using developer tools in Microsoft Edge Legacy](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/debug-add-ins-using-devtools-edge-legacy).

## Make code changes

Once you understand the sample, make it your own! All the information about Office Add-ins is found in our [official documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/overview/office-add-ins). You can also explore more samples in the Office Add-ins Development Kit. Select **View Samples** to see more samples of real-world scenarios.

> If you edit the manifest as part of your changes, use the **Validate Manifest File** option in the Office Add-ins Development Kit. This shows you errors in the manifest syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you edit the manifest as part of your changes, use the **Validate Manifest File** option in the Office Add-ins Development Kit. This shows you any errors in the manifest syntax.
```

# Get Started with the Office Add-ins Dev Kit in Word

<img src="./assets/thumbnail.png" width="800" alt="A document with 'Hello World' inserted by the add-in."/>

> This is a basic Word add-in that inserts "Hello World" into the document text set the paragraph font color to blue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a basic Word add-in that inserts "Hello World" into the document text and sets the paragraph font color to blue.
```

  
### Run the add-in from the Office Add-ins Development Kit

1. **Download the sample code**

   Open the Office Add-ins Development Kit extension and view samples in the **Sample gallery**. Select the **Create** button in the top-right corner of the sample page.
   
1. **Open the Office Add-ins Development Kit**
    
    Select the <img src="./assets/Icon_Office_Add-ins_Development_Kit.png" width="30" alt="Office Add-ins Development Kit"/> icon in the **Activity Bar** to open the extension.

1. **Preview Your Office Add-in (F5)**

    Select **Preview Your Office Add-in(F5)** to launch the add-in and debug the code. In the drop down menu, select the option **Desktop (Edge Chromium)**.

>     <img src="./assets/devkit_preview.png" width="500" alt="Screenshot shows Preview your Office add-in in Office Add-ins Development Kit"/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <img src="./assets/devkit_preview.png" width="500" alt="The 'Preview your Office Add-in' option in the Office Add-ins Development Kit's task pane."/>
```

# Word Hello World Task Pane Add-in

<img src="./assets/thumbnail.png" width="800" alt="A document with 'Hello World' inserted by the add-in."/>

> This is an Word hello-world add-in that simply inserts "Hello World" to canvas.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a basic Word add-in that inserts "Hello World" into the document text.
```

> Word add-ins are integrations built by third parties into Word by using [Word JavaScript API](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/office/dev/add-ins/reference/overview/word-add-ins-reference-overview) and [Office Platform capabilities](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/office/dev/add-ins/overview/office-add-ins).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Word add-ins are integrations that use the [Word JavaScript APIs](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/reference/overview/word-add-ins-reference-overview) and [Office Platform capabilities](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/overview/office-add-ins) to connect web services to the document.
```

> ## How to run this sample

Reviewer 2: I made some suggestions in the previous readme and run with extension file that should be reflected here, based on the outcome of those discussions.

Author: Done, pls do a recheck.

Reviewer 2: Thanks! Added a couple more changes.

- Office connected to a Microsoft 365 subscription. You might qualify for a Microsoft 365 E5 developer subscription through the [Microsoft 365 Developer Program](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/dev-program), see [FAQ](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/developer-program/microsoft-365-developer-program-faq#who-qualifies-for-a-microsoft-365-e5-developer-subscription-) for details. Alternatively, you can [sign up for a 1-month free trial](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/try?rtc=1) or [purchase a Microsoft 365 plan](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/buy/compare-all-microsoft-365-products).
  
### Run the add-in using Office Add-ins Development Kit extension

We recommend you try this sample by using the [Office Add-ins Development Kit](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=msoffice.microsoft-office-add-in-debugger). The Office Add-ins Development Kit is an end-to end developer tool for building Office add-ins. It helps create, run, and debug an Office Add-in.

> 1. **Download the sample code**

Reviewer 3: @AlexJerabek @hermanwenhe updated here. Please delete the following content until "Use the sample add-in"

> 1. **Download the sample code**

Author: @AlexJerabek Any thoughts on Mingjia's proposal?

> 1. **Download the sample code**

Reviewer 2: I would prefer to align with the Excel readme - we push people to use the dev kit instead of cloning the repo.

> 1. **Download the sample code**

Author: @AlexJerabek @MingjiaLiu1995 I'm afraid using a link to "RUN_WITH_EXTENSION.md" is not doable. As you know, this readme content will show in the sample detail page after user selects the sample card. The readme content in the sample detail page does not support a relative link like `./RUN_WITH_EXTENSION.md`. If we put a link with relative path in the README.md, the link won't work in the sample detail page. Therefore, when users selects this link in detail page, the page we expected will not be opened.

> 1. **Download the sample code**

Reviewer 2: @hermanwenhe, Sorry for being unclear. I meant we should change this section of the Word readme to match what the Excel readme says. Like this:
```
### Run the add-in from the Office Add-ins Development Kit

1. **Download the sample code**

   Open the Office Add-ins Development Kit extension and view samples in the **Sample gallery**. Select the **Create** button in the top-right corner of the sample page.

...
```

> 1. **Download the sample code**

Author: Done.

   
1. **Open the Office Add-ins Development Kit**
    
    Select the <img src="./assets/Icon_Office_Add-ins_Development_Kit.png" width="30" alt="Office Add-ins Development Kit"/> icon in the **Activity Bar** to open the extension.

1. **Preview Your Office Add-in (F5)**

    Select **Preview Your Office Add-in(F5)** to launch the add-in and debug the code. In the drop down menu, select the option **Desktop (Edge Chromium)**.

    <img src="./assets/devkit_preview.png" width="500" alt="Screenshot shows Preview your Office add-in in Office Add-ins Development Kit"/>

    The extension then checks that the prerequisites are met before debugging starts. Check the terminal for detailed information if there are issues with your environment. After this process, the Excel desktop application launches and opens a new workbook with the sample add-in.

1. **Stop Previewing Your Office Add-in**

    Once you are finished testing and debugging the add-in, select **Stop Previewing Your Office Add-in**. This closes the web server and removes the add-in from the registry and cache.

## Use the sample add-in

> 1. Click `Run` in task pane

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select `Run` in the add-in's task pane.
```

## Explore sample files

These are the important files in the sample project.

```
| .eslintrc.json
| .gitignore
| .vscode/
|   | extensions.json
|   | launch.json               Launch and debug configurations
|   | settings.json             
|   | tasks.json                
| assets/                       Static assets, such as images
| babel.config.json
| manifest.xml                  Manifest file
| package.json                  
| README.md                     
| RUN_WITH_EXTENSION.md         
| src/                          Add-in source code
|   | taskpane/
|   |   | taskpane.css          Task pane style
|   |   | taskpane.html         Task pane entry html

> |   |   | taskpane.js           Add API calls and logic here

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|   |   | taskpane.js           Office JS API calls and add-in logic
```
